veteran with me run away run away run
away from me better away from me my name
is Elizabeth McGrath and I make our move
in a band called my manager and my sing
the man
I
wrong I just started from doing art and
since that I've just been doing a lot of
art and I've been showing you know all
around the world
then you say
they
as soon as you look at liz's work I
think this is the worst explanation of
it but but that she becomes David Bowie
in labyrinth and you're Jennifer Connor
my past were really really strict my
parents are like yeah so we're going to
take you to the Wild Animal Park in San
Diego for your birthday it was like this
really long like dirt windy road and at
the end of it there was like the kind of
skated structure and next thing I knew
like this guy brother Palmer he's like
you're gonna come with me they're all
talking like oh she's got the devil in
her and all this stuff there's no if you
can't call anyone there's no telephone
there's no news there's no newspapers
the girls home basically strip all the
creativity I had without a meal was
everybody loves liz I think she's been
one of the most inspiring people I've
met in a long time she has a certain
intensity that she takes to everything
in that every single detail has to be
perfect and that's a quality that you
pretty much have to have if you want to
be successful at anything
she's really scary creative and talented
obviously we have your whole life to
make art and it's not gonna you know
it's not there's no time limit on it
like it gets better as you age get more
respected so it's like just enjoy life